provs
All right, so we already have some people here.
So welcome everyone.
Thank you for coming to the space.
There is a lot of growing interest in the linkage finance protocol, which brings many
questions from members of the space.
So we have here a linkage finance and team from Moosley swap for you to get a better understanding
of the linkage roadmap and where the strategic partnerships with Moosley swap comes to play
at.
So we have Chris from Moosley swap and Marius is the co-founder of the linkage finance.
And with that, I'll pass the mic down for you.
Yeah.
Thanks.
Thanks for hosting it.
So as you all know, my name is Chris.
I'm from Moosley swap.
And let's start by maybe giving my host a chance to quickly introduce himself.
And then we can start talking about linkage finance and what the team is like.
And then we will try to keep it short five to 10 minutes.
And then we can do an aim with people from the community asking us questions if they
want to.
Awesome.
Marius.
I can't hear your, Marius.
Yeah, we can't hear you.
You're not even rogging, so probably the mic is not on.
Maybe try logging in from another Twitter user.
Okay.
That's fun.
Well, if that's unfortunate, have some technical difficulties, but we're going to have Marius
up here at the talk very soon.
Sorry, it's wrong Twitter space.
Yeah, I'm sorry, guys.
Maybe we'll give it one or two more minutes.
See if Marius can, if you can hear.
I think we've got us good in, has to become a speaker.
Maybe quickly talk about Lucy's self governance by the way.
For two minutes.
Yeah, awesome.
I'm bringing up Alexander already.
I don't know.
We didn't intend to have an MA right now, but yeah, go ahead.
Alexander that stage is yours.
You want to talk about Lucy's self governance.
Hi, guys.
I think you should be able to hear me now, right?
Yeah.
Yeah, okay.
Perfect.
It's working.
I'm sorry.
Hi, everybody.
Great to be here with you today.
So my name is Marius and I'm the confound of linkage finance.
I do mainly marketing, community, partnerships and daily operations.
I am based in Germany and I've been interested in blockchain technologies and many years.
And in 2018, I started doing research on Cardano and yeah, I'm a community member since then.
If it's okay for you guys, I would just tell you something about the mission and wish
and of linkage finance.
So I have just mentioned we are community members since years now.
And we have always been very happy and interested when new milestones came along like the Shelley
hard fork, the Mary hard fork, Westville.
And as we were in general, eagerly awaiting the first development of Cardano.
And we were always researching and interested in new native assets coming up, which was
way easier like 18 months ago.
But there were, because there were simply not that many native assets compared to nowadays,
there were very few ispo's coming up, etc.
So it was not too time consuming.
But as the market and DeFi on Cardano in general through research got very time consuming.
And so we saw about a way of pairing the benefits of a traditional finance investment vehicle.
So index funds with the benefits of decentralization and trustlessness.
And as well, we think it will be very interesting in the future as DeFi grows even bigger to
have funds with, for example, tokenized stocks, because this means that you could have a representation
of the, for example, the S&P 500, but in a completely decentralized and trustless manner,
as well as stablecoin funds are interesting use case, because you can have a fund with,
let's say, five different stablecoins.
And this allows you to reduce risk in the case of if one of the stablecoins are debugging.
And yeah, we are working on linkage finance since around the beginning of this year.
And until very recently, a lot of work was going on behind the scenes and we just started
recently to be way more outgoing and building this beautiful community.
Yeah, sounds great.
Maybe to add one thing.
So everyone has a bit more of an idea of index funds.
And then I will actually go on and talk about this music website.
So the idea is that you can log by T of token smart contracts and you basically have one
token that represents your share index.
So as as my us just mentioned, if you would do a stablecoin index, let's say the index
will hold 10 different US dollar stablecoins.
And human basically one token that represents your share in this protocol, meaning that,
for example, if one of the tokens would fail, you would still have the other ones in the
index fund.
So you've got kind of diversified your risk and so on.
And that's kind of the entire idea behind this index fund.
You can go into a variety of token, while only trading one.
And at the same time, you can also do risk diversification and maybe profit if some of
them are performing very well.
And with that said, so what's the role of mutually swap in it?
So I know my is so my name is Chris.
I'm the co founder of MUSI swap and I know my is personally.
And he's also one of the persons that basically got me got me into Cardano.
And when he came with this idea of the next funds, I said, yeah, that's really cool.
Let's start working on it.
So I joined in as an advisor on the project and also some others from MUSI swap are helping.
We are helping provide infrastructure to the linkage finance team.
Now also the launchpad, the community and so on.
And that's not something that has happened in the past week.
We've announced the partnership probably in May, beginning of June.
I know that linkage has been in the planning since the beginning of the year.
And they kind of tried to build a community across this entire time.
And suddenly for the last few days, it really took off.
So from what I got is that the Twitter community or the Twitter page, it grew from like 500
to more than 4,000 now and just a few days.
And yeah, so my kind of role in the project of what we are mostly providing is I'm providing
with a lot of expertise.
I'm also helping a bit in the day the operations.
Then we are supporting them with infrastructure and so on as we believe.
This is a great project.
And it also helps us to swap a lot.
So we have a swap via a swap.
So users also need to have something to swap.
So having kind of more action going on, more offerings to users can also bring a lot of
liquidity and interest into our platform.
So yeah, that's also one of the ways how we can expand basically our offerings.
And that's also one of the reasons why we are involved in it.
And I think with that said, Myers can maybe talk a bit more about the team size in total.
Yes, exactly.
So we are six team members in total.
We have as Chris has just already mentioned, core developers from a new Swiss swap for
people.
And we have other team members that are very experienced in finance and marketing and
I am a developer.
I actually studied political science.
But as I've just been interested in the space, I've been in the cryptocurrency space for
so long and I'm doing mainly, as I've already mentioned, community partnerships, daily operations
and as well marketing.
Cool.
And would you mind talking a bit about the token?
Maybe the bill that has happened, the upcoming public sale, just give a quick timeline and
maybe summarize with the method.
Yeah, sure.
So we have been, as the community has certainly noticed way more outgoing.
We have been on this project for many months.
And in the last few, yeah, actually last week, we started to be way more outgoing and creating
the community.
And we were always thinking about when should we do the token launch?
And we have done a survey and yes, it turned out that the people want the public sale to
be very soon, which is actually very important because we have seen a lot of fake tokens going
around.
So we want to reduce this risk.
Maybe also because a lot of people ask, why is this like launch so rushed, right?
So from what I understand, what the plan was, was that you had basically, you normally,
what you do is you launch a private sale, you take some investors on board that give you
more headroom to continue developing the product and then you go basically to a public launch.
Now the point is this kind of exploded completely.
Before as I said, the page was like 500 people and suddenly everyone was interested in linkage
finance.
And with that, unfortunately also a lot of game came in.
So I told my, so if you want to launch the music, rather do it quickly, give a clear timeline
to people.
Because for example, on Sunday we had like, I saw different life, I talking trading on
DEXIS.
I saw one token on min swap doing more than 60,000 a day because there was some confusion
because basically there was a small ongoing private sale that was planned and a bigger
public sale in the future.
But I think there needs to be a timeline to simply protect people from scam and so on.
So that's also a bit from the music side that we said, let's rather do the launch now.
There seems to be interest rather than kind of, you know, getting risk that there is more
uncertainty people getting scammed.
We had other fake phytosides trying to promote a public sale that didn't have them and so
on.
So yeah, that was kind of the main reason why this entire thing got a burst rush.
And I think with that said, let's maybe start taking in some questions.
I think I've already seen like at least.
Awesome.
Yeah.
And I wrote down a pair of requests like, so we're going to start with a Husky fan.
Let me just add you in on the call.
All right.
Yo, Husky.
What's up?
Hey, what's up?
I'm just joining in this Twitter.
I'm just joining in this Twitter space where I guess it's X space at this point.
Just wanted to say hi to everybody.
And yeah, I really love in the Cardano community.
And yeah, keep it up.
Keep up all this development and things like that.
I do Cardano based content on my YouTube, but I really enjoy hearing from the experts
and people like usually swap and seeing what they're doing.
I'm shot to that central.
Hey, so yeah, I just wanted to say hey.
Awesome.
Thank you very much, Husky.
Next one, we will have L coming up.
So let me bring you up now.
Whose faster X or Twitter?
All right, we got L on the call.
The Obama, thanks for letting me up and shout out to the news, Liti.
Love the decks, but I am just a little bit concerned.
Just curious, is there going to be a new token every time you guys do another venture?
And Alexander, will you be doing disclosures of the promotions next time you do that?
So as I said, linkage has been in the plans for a month.
So there is definitely, as I said, I'm also more of an advisor role.
The team is bigger than that.
And I can also guarantee you that at least from the top of the site, there's no other
token splants.
I hope that helps you kind of clarify that.
As I said, this has been planned for it's been going on for more than one and seven
months already.
And it kind of just got a bit strong because of our option flow launch.
I think it's more of a coincidence rather than the debt is happening.
I hope that's kind of a satisfying answer.
Well, and it's completely fine.
You guys need to make money to make sure these platforms are sustainable.
It's just a concern for the future.
We're just kind of trying to figure out how many tokens we can expect in relation to you
guys.
I think, yeah, yeah, sure.
I get that.
As I said, there is no other sales plans.
Also, we don't have any other strong partnerships other than linkage right now because I think
it will be a great addition to the decks.
Other than that, we have fully committed to milk.
I mean, we just had a, we just launched governance, right?
So we're going strong.
We will have the token migration happening this month.
Most likely if the proposal passes, we will have the treasury introduced.
So there's great things that have been introduced.
Oh, I got a question, I had a question for you.
Can you please repeat the question?
Yeah, just curious with the OPT situation, it seemed like you disclosed that you were
paid like a week or two kind of after promoting them for a week with the, you guys kind of
working closely with linkage.
Are you disclosing that you were paid before that kind of promotion situation this time?
Okay.
Let me make you clear.
The OP, what I disclosed was I was hired for community building by the mostly swapped
team.
Okay.
Two weeks prior to the post I made, right?
Now OPT on options flow is a mostly swapped team project, right?
So I'm already working for the mostly swap.
They have a new project is the same, it's the same on work.
Now linkage finance is a team that mostly swap is supported.
I have no payments from linkage finance.
Okay.
I have compensation from justly swap, but I have no payments for linkage finance.
Now you got to remember regardless of the fact that I talk about, um, mostly swap, which
I have done like for over a year before the mostly swap even higher.
Regardless of the fact that I speak of mostly swap is not going to start me from creating
content on any project, I think makes sense on my platform.
You understand?
So the reason why you seem to talk about linkage finance is because I believe in the project.
I believe is a great idea.
It's not because I have any compensation from linkage finance.
And maybe also in general saying we don't compensate for anyone giving financial advice,
right?
It's going to be to be neutral.
We never post any content giving any kind of financial advice, any endorsements on our
page.
That's also very important to me personally.
So yeah, our plan is to just build like a great product and the community around it.
And that's all we do.
And what, what Alexander helps us with this, uh, what Alexander helps us with this basically
during community management, he joins on the calls does the management helps us to figure
out what kind of interaction gets more people into the clients on the message or page.
I think that's also important to mention.
And that's great.
It's really doing a very good job.
It's just that it seems like the community was kind of concerned with the way that the
OPT promotion went out and then this whisper.
So I'd rather just tell you and ask if this and then whisper it in the back room.
Yeah, I'll understand.
But you know, like you see the whispers that you speak of, this is something I expect to
happen.
You can't get away from it.
You know, which are experienced in the market, regardless of what happens.
The first thing is that you cannot please everybody.
That's not going to happen.
Okay.
So a bunch of people going to be happy and then you're going to get the minority that
has the whispers is always going to come to pass.
You cannot get away from it.
But we just fought ahead and keep building anyway.
Yeah, it's all I wanted to know.
Thank you very much.
And I look forward to seeing you more link in 2000 future.
Yeah.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you all for fantastic comments and for coming up to speak.
Next we have Cardano markets.
Hey, good morning everybody.
Thank you for taking this opportunity.
Hopefully you guys can hear me right, correct?
I can hear you.
At least.
I can hear you too.
Okay, fantastic.
I joined the space about five minutes late and I just wanted to clarify.
I kind of caught the tail end of the news list.
What team comments just to clarify.
Do you guys own any part of linkage finance or is it all just a team of linkage, finance
folks and some member of your team actually turning in as part of.
So I joined the link.
So some team members are basically joining, for example, me are, but mrs.
Rob is not owning any part of the link.
Yes.
Okay.
Thank you.
My second question is in relation to the token distribution.
And I really applaud you guys, the way you guys handle the app distribution because it
was fair in the sense that, you know, flat percentage, everybody gets something within
the timeframe that you guys defined.
Now as I understand it, the linkage finance token distribution or the sale is an two hour
opening.
Now if I'm a whale and I know that the way this has been approached before is a flat
rate and this is comparing now to the, the opt sale 30 minutes versus two hours.
I can see that percentage that flat percentage dropping to 25.
And if I'm a whale and I know that I'm betting and I might end up getting 25%.
I might just times for my, my buy in if I can afford it.
So truly, even though it is fair, it is a system that is still open to gaming, right?
Now if fairness really is what you guys are trying to touch, my recommendation would be
to maybe draw a minimum sale line in a sense that any, if let's say you have, you allocate
60% of the tokens that are for sale to everybody that wants to buy something up to a certain
amount.
So if you are buying in $1000 or less, you will get, let's say all your token allocated
from the 60%.
And then the other 40% you can put a flat rate on and I'm just trying to think off the
top of my head to see if there is a better way of approaching the token sale.
But you guys, I guess my question is, have you guys set on the flat rate distribution,
the way up has approached it or is there a way there to be more fair in the distribution
so that the little guy can still have something?
So I think the second part, my use can answer this if we would consider doing a token minimum.
But for the two hour window, why is it not half an hour anymore?
I think this is simply coming from our experience with the up launch because you had so many
requests coming in at exactly when it launched.
I think it was, sorry if I get the time zone wrong, I think it was 5pm my time, so 3pm UTC.
And the problem was it took people more than half an hour to get their transaction on chain.
If for example, if you use a, if you bought it like Nami bought it because the mempul was
very full.
And a lot of users, they were simply nervous.
They were saying, yeah, is my transaction still counted and they started, you know, they started
panic and instead of like having this window of scammers, we just said, let's make a bigger
time window so that everyone can relax has time and has time to get this transaction
on chain.
And that's all, that's the entire idea behind it.
With the minimum amount, I think that's something my use can answer.
Yeah, so we don't plan on putting a minimum amount of it.
And I got that, we got a lot of comments that two hours would be too long.
But what we really did was taking a look at the up launch and trying to, yeah, do the
best for the community.
And yes, actually, because two hours as Chris has just mentioned, people were worrying if
their transactions are getting through.
So we want to be as fair as possible and don't want to cause confusion.
The problem is with this.
So we also consider doing this thing where you say you can get up to a certain amount
of tokens guaranteed provided by basically, so what you suggested for the up launch.
But you know, the prime is who stops me of creating more wallets.
So if I have bots, I can just create 20 wallets and basically do contributions with 20 wallets.
And then I have the same effect.
And I even, instead of just getting poor other because I'm buying a lot, I actually have
guarantees how much I will get.
So it might even be less fair.
I think you're making a fair point that there's no more argument there.
Folks will find ways to game the system either way.
But I was thinking maybe a way to make it harder to do.
Anyway, I think that's it for my time.
I really appreciate your feedback on this.
Yeah, thanks.
So maybe just to say, I think if you do it harder, the only thing that happens is that
people that have more coding skills, they will kind of, and have bots set up, they will
be the ones basically profiting the most from these kind of extra rules.
Everything that makes it more complicated.
I think that's one of the main reasons we decided against it also during the up launch.
I think that's fair.
One thing before this, that this goes up, I just want to remind everyone that I'm running
the request to speak.
I wrote down your turn based on when you requested it.
So, speech, your stage is yours.
All right.
Hey guys, thank you for the opportunity to have a discussion.
So yeah, I have been a very, very early adopter of, mostly, right, right, from Milcoma del
Tempt and being a, you know, admiror of the state.
And that definitely puts me, you know, to opt and also towards linkage as well, right?
So I have a couple of questions.
The first one is, as, you know, they will conclude, which they have, you know, the team
has clarified.
So initially the plan was to have a private sale, primarily to support the development
and then after a few months down the line, maybe two or three months, we'll have a public
sale, right?
So now that the public sale is like days away, what is the need of private sale?
I mean, I'm great to understand the why of the private sale from the team's first cut
to.
Okay.
So basically, as I've just already mentioned, we were, we are way more outgoing now and
we didn't really anticipate such a hype and the public sale, the private sale was over
subscribed pretty quickly and so we saw it's a good way to get actually people in initially
and it's around 200 people in the private sale and we wanted to do a fair distribution
because we were starting very small and then it turned out to, yeah, to a very big community
very fast and so the problem was that so many people were coming in and that's why we basically
are criticized for doing the private sale now.
So that's why we did the public sale right now as well, especially because I don't know
if you were already joined when we mentioned that but many fake tokens were created and
we really don't want to put the community at risk.
So that's why we do the public sale now, especially because we have grown so quickly.
Yeah, I completely got the why of public sale.
So probably if I understand right, so there has already been some private sale that has
been committed and you have been ordering that.
If that's the only reason why you are going with, you know, the 15% instead of going all
the time to public sale in the next three days.
Let me jump in, my use can answer as well.
I think that's what I wrote also from the post that has been communicated.
So yes, so I think it's mostly because they were already interested in commitments.
I think I got the terminal that's fair enough if the commitment is already made and you
have wanted to honor it.
So coming to the second question, just want to get some clarity on, you know, the team
like you told, you know, there is a use with that team is primarily the core development
team, right?
So I want to understand, of course they are short because they are having three projects,
right?
What, you know, do you have a plan to, you know, build your own standalone core team
or if I have to rephrase what is going to be a use of funds of this nine million year
that you're going to, you know, raise income in this?
Well we already have started with the development and as Chris has already mentioned, which
is what developers are joining in.
And we are actually already in the face of programming.
So we have outside deaths for front end.
The smart contracts are already designed and now we will do the audits.
We will look for design and of course, throwing the community.
So it's not like we are just getting started.
There has been a lot of work already behind the scenes and just now it gets seen by the
community because we are starting to be more outgoing.
Okay, so just to rephrase, if like this shared resource of music that is going to be the
code all around, or you're going to build your standalone core team.
So we see what is helping us with the development, but we've already are at a point where we,
yeah, we have the roadmap on the white paper.
So our goals for Q3 is for your example, the private test net and we will get that out
and standalone.
Go on that.
Cool.
The final question probably with very short one.
So see, I just want to again see that too, you know, just to test with the two heart
window, right?
With the public sale.
So let's say within two hearts or let's say within 40 minutes, one hour, we are going
to go to our website, hypothetically, it's a two year three X4 X.
Do we going to draw a line somewhere like that is going to go or subscribe multiple
layers or you're going to just open for complete to heart beat whatever exists.
So as I said, it's hard to go with probably less than an hour simply because it can take
time for transactions to appear on chain.
And then you will have people saying I used another wallet.
So mine took like one hour to appear.
Then the question is which ones do you count in and which ones you don't.
And I think if you if you across the if you put the line somewhere, which is below an hour,
it becomes complicated.
Maybe two hours is too long.
Yeah, I think that's something that's available.
But we kind of suggested from a tech perspective that two hours would probably be the best
time.
All right.
Then so fine.
I think I have generally asked questions which in the forums, I think I will open it
for other folks so that you know, they will have that opportunity.
Thank you guys for looking forward for it.
Yeah, thank you very much, Sathish.
Next we have a conundrum.
Hi guys.
So the only thing I really wanted to ask is like what's actually going on with the current
private sale like it's still actually happening or not because I've just been very confused
the last few days with the forum.
Like I know a lot of people sent it like yesterday and I'm just not sure what the
deadlines are about the private sale anymore.
So I'm just looking for some clarification.
Hi, so the private sale is still going on and we will get back to all the people very
soon.
We have gotten an overwhelming amount of direct messages and emails and we are just counting
right now the allocations, the contributions and then we'll come back to the people very,
very soon.
Got it.
All right, awesome.
Next we have a cold forum.
Hi guys.
Can you hear me okay?
Yeah, can you hear me perfectly?
Okay, great.
So my question is about, well first with the private sale, I think there was some concern
there.
You know, a lot of us have been following you, I suppose that to get into that private
sale was something that happened earlier before our time but not to dwell on that anyway.
But my question is about these bots that we've all heard of and experienced.
You know, is that a thing anymore?
I mean, with the off token, it didn't seem to happen as far as I'm concerned.
I bought, it worked out for me, I'm concerned, you know, you're putting this thing on it
in just a couple of days.
What are my worries if I believe in the ETF design?
I'm in.
But what are my worries that, I'm sorry, with the private sale and these bots, we're
just going to get dumped on.
You know what I mean?
And I don't mean to flood because I believe in you guys.
Shout out to Alexander and the mutually swapped team.
So I will take the second part and then myos can talk about the allocation of the private
sales.
So for bots, it's unavoidable, right?
Because on the blockchain, they basically send a transaction as everybody else.
But what you have in a lot of spaces or in a lot of sales, I mean, is that you do first
come first.
So if you simply say the people that are first on chain, they'll win and everybody else gets
cut off.
And that's where the bots come in and they play in handy because if you use your private
node, you can get the transaction faster onto the chain and then you might win and be like,
let's say earlier, then the people submitting to an army audit.
But now this isn't the case if you do this allocation window, everyone has the time to
put in his regress and then we just do the fair distribution, right?
Because then it doesn't matter whether I'm a bot or not using my private node because
all the transaction should be on chain from people participating.
And that's the main reason why we use this approach instead.
So yeah, and for the first part with the private sale, I'm sure that myos can answer
that.
Yes, exactly.
So our private sale, it's not really a big private sale because only 15% of the supply
is allocated for the private sale.
70% of the total supply is allocated for sale.
So 55% is public.
And when it comes to you being worried about, you know, people dumping, we have a wrestling
schedule in place so you can get the tokens at launch, but a lot of people are choosing
a wrestling schedule.
This is a three month's wrestling schedule where you have 25% at launch and then 25%
every other month.
So three months.
Okay, and I get that.
And I appreciate your answer there.
What were the requirements?
Was my question, you know, or did we just miss it?
It just happened a long time ago before we were around.
I've been in telegram for a few days now and it just seemed like a lot of people were
surprised that the private sales going on right now.
When it comes to the private sale, a lot of people were just messaging us privately.
So when they reached out to us, we gave them the details.
So that's how it basically worked.
And it's not like in the last few days, we have this plan for quite some time.
Okay, I appreciate it.
I appreciate it.
Thank you.
And it was just very overwhelming, I have to say, because we have allocated 15% of the
supply to private sale and we were just very interested in how this pans out.
And yeah, it was we were completely overwhelmed.
And the team, it was very much, this is why we still haven't reached out to everybody,
but we will reach out to them very, very soon.
So everybody who is listening and haven't received an email back from us who was filling
out the form, this will happen very soon.
Awesome.
Thank you, Mary.
Next up, we have crypto intelligence.
Yeah, crypto intelligence, you have your hand up.
Hello.
So in terms of the private sale, and we're going to talk about the public sale, and because
I've got two things that I'm a few of us are a bit concerned about.
It's about the narrative calling off the whole thing to you sale.
I feel like you, a lot of people feel like you guys are rushing in terms of on the back
and you guys haven't given people enough notice in terms of that, what you guys would
feel like you guys need to do at least after decency, the turn on and said, and advertise
it and said, you know what, there's like what other projects on the card or ecosystem has
gone, which is their turn on.
I said, okay, there's two weeks, they've given people two weeks or say, for example, three
weeks at least, you know, people are scrambling and making a disruption in the whole ecosystem
where you have people selling off on other projects.
And the liquidity is going left, right and center.
But in terms of this as well, like in terms also about the docs and say, oh, we should
a lot of people have been saying you guys have been even decided to docs properly.
So you guys can answer those questions.
So we completely understand that for a lot of people, it seems kind of rushed, but it
was just that I mean, there was going on a lot behind the scenes.
We were really focused on the project since like six or seven months.
And as I've just already mentioned, there were scam tokens coming around.
And the reason as well is that the community was just growing so fast and development was
already going on.
So that's why we already got all the things out and are at the sale right now.
In terms of a few of our people, because we have been in the telegram and just to say
that, okay, the sale is not going to be in the next five days, not even to say, okay,
just sales might be a two weeks.
You know, there's there's ways of professionally doing it, not somewhat not people tweeting
on Twitter and getting the whole community, you know, going crazy.
Yeah.
I guess maybe also that we quickly jump in, I guess you could argue what the right time
frame is, but I think it's anyway to lay it now to change it, right?
I think this is probably I think something maybe if I think this is also like the ecosystem
is still young and you can learn and other projects they can learn what's kind of what's
the best timeline for these things, right?
Thank you, crypto intelligence.
Next up, we'll have Manny.
Hello, everyone.
Manny, be investing.
Congratulations on launching governance and to go to the Miseswap and the Miseswap team
in the community.
I had some questions about the protocol itself, but as I sat and kind of listened to previous
questions, this kind of went more into, you know, the realm of the token and liquidity
and fairness.
And I typically and kind of non emotional.
I don't really care about that kind of stuff.
You know, I don't care if a person made money being an insider or not.
I think that doesn't really bother me, but I kind of started to, you know, the answer
you gave on the private sale, how the private sale came about.
It kind of bugged me.
So I guess I wanted to ask a follow up question about that if it was cool.
Yeah, sure.
Go ahead.
So you stated that the way it came about was just people just messaging you and I don't
know, it just rubbed me the wrong way.
So like people, random people or are these like big, you know, VC people, like people
that you guys know personally or are we talking just random people from the community just
happen to message you and ask about this private sale.
So even though our community has grown how it is right now in the last few days, we have
always had followers.
This was a number of around, let's say, 800 people.
So it were, say they were just regular people on Twitter or Antelichram and they messaged
us.
And you said that the private sale, it's ongoing now where it hasn't used to be positive or
what's the deal with that.
So we just had private investors and they were just requesting information and basically
we accepted anyone to this.
So they messaged us and then we sent them the form the private sale is still going on
after KYC.
They had to do KYC and now we are just calculating everything together.
Thanks.
I mean, that just concerns me.
I don't know.
So maybe also let me quickly jump in.
I think how it was meant in the beginning is right.
It was meant to some private investors to give it more headroom and then adjust escalated
in the sense that more and more people reached out saying they want to participate and then
the question is, when is it fair and isn't it fair, right?
And I think what they did and I personally think that's a good thing is to say let's
take in more and then let's split it across everyone participating.
So a lot of people they made requests, they want to participate and they will probably
receive something like 20% of the tokens that they actually want to get allocated as part
of the private sale.
And I think this is a way to do it.
I agree.
There might be other ways.
And I guess how it happened is that it just grew so quickly overnight, I think there isn't
much to do and that's also why the public sale has been moved to time and has been moved
to avoid all these scams.
You see you have a project, you're trying to build a community and suddenly on one day
it explodes.
I guess it's something that's challenging for everyone in the ecosystem.
Okay.
I mean, I guess if what's done is that's fine, whatever.
Okay, if you haven't done it yet, I would probably reconsider maybe do a lottery system
instead because it just seems to just kind of just like them usually swap lottery to
like a small group of people.
But not to have a response to.
Oh, I'm sorry.
Manny, did you finish?
Yeah, I'm done.
I'm done.
Sorry.
Okay.
Well, I just want to answer because I have Manny said something about, you know, if the
private sale was for VCs, right?
And my response that I was just some earlier people from the community before the community
grew as large as they got.
Personally, I'll prefer, you know, regular people from the community over VCs.
I just wanted to point that out.
I mean, I think most people in the community would prefer regular people in the community
over venture capitalists because we know how a venture capitalist is that, right?
Yeah.
I mean, I understand that, you know, products need money to build.
So I'm not anti-BC.
Like if you need VC, go for it.
You know, do your thing.
It's just like sprinkling in the regular people like myself that it's just like it's
kind of like that's it.
I don't know if you're going to do that, do a lottery system for the public, you know,
dedicate a portion of the private sale to the public and do a lottery system with your
greater community.
I think would be the best way to go about it if you haven't done it yet.
But if you have, you know, whatever, if that's in the past, let's just move forward.
All right.
Thank you, Manny.
I hope that answers your question.
So maybe full transparency, I was, we were planning on roughly 10 minutes introduction
and 20 minutes AMA and now it went up to 35 minutes already.
I was actually just chatting in the background with CryptoBumber and we said, let's do five
more questions and decide for over.
But of course, I see there's many more people requesting.
So I think he wrote down an order.
Let's take two more and then let's maybe call it off for today and else do another one.
I hope that's that's fine with everybody.
All right.
I'll bring up Daddy on the call and then Fortune and we'll be up for now.
Yeah, Daddy, the stage is yours.
Hey, thank you for having me up.
I appreciate it.
I just actually wanted to piggyback and if this was answered previously, I apologize.
But was the private sale advertised in the sense of putting out the word, hey, if you
DM us and KYC, you'll be able to be eligible for the private sale?
No, we had actually a lot of people just reaching out to us even before we released
tokenomics and everything.
And they were always asking about the private sale since we have very few community members.
And so they reached out.
It wasn't advertised.
Okay, understood.
I guess my only feedback there would be, I think, it probably, you know, not everybody
wants to KYC.
And again, as Manny said, I completely respect the idea of wanting to raise capital.
That's what companies do.
But a little bit more clarity around the private sale might have alleviated some of those concerns.
So I appreciate the answer and thanks for having me up.
Well, thank you very much for your question.
I understand it, but it was just overwhelming so many people were there.
So but yes, I understand your concerns.
Thanks for your question.
Yeah, thank you.
And last speaker will be Fortin.
Thank you for having me guys.
First question, I don't know if it's been answered, but it's regarding the private sale
has those tokens that are going to be allocated to whoever's buying?
Is it an univested schedule?
That's my first question and then second question is just moving forward because I know what
linkage is trying to do or DeFi in general.
Potentially speaking, these are protocols that are going to be holding billions and billions
worth of capital.
And I know some of the people that were reached out to you guys through DMs, I know some of
them.
I'm just from an outside looking in, it doesn't look professional to decide to make a decision
this big on just because of what people are DMing you, especially when some of these people
who I personally know are doing it for a specific reason, the same way with op that just went
out not too long ago.
So just want to say I'm not and I'm not going to fade.
What's it called?
Generational wealth or anything?
I'm just saying, respectively speaking, this is a protocol with others that have the ability
potentially to hold billions.
I don't want the history to be.
Oh, yeah, we just did a private sale because, you know, some people who are prominent and
could have carted out community went ahead and just asked for a private sale, right?
And then on top of that, there's not a working product.
I'm starting to notice a theme with DeFi projects where, hey, I'm going to launch this token
and I don't have a viable working product, whether it's in beta or whether it's supposed
to be testable, right?
And that's just a trend that's I'm seeing it happen on Cardano mainly because we are
all thirsty.
We are all hungry for working protocols.
We want to be ETH.
We want to be the number one DeFi protocol, all that.
And we have the ability to do that.
But I just see that projects are taking advantage of that type of ethos.
My two cents.
I will quickly jump in, talk about opt and then Myers can talk about all the concerns
around linkage.
So opt via kind of close to test that the smart contracts are already working.
We already, before we even went out to the community, we already shared transactions with
how you can interact with the smart companies and so on.
Most of the interfaces are already kind of done.
It's currently coded up and we are very close to kind of going with an MVP to testnet.
So it's not like we rushed it for like saying month in planning on not kind of going in.
As I said, the smart contracts are done.
The audit is actually already scheduled and all these things.
So at least fortune flow, I can say that I think the criticism that there won't be any
protocol for it in like half a year is simply not true.
That's like always how we try to do is first we kind of built in the background once we
know we're close to having something we'll go to the community and make them aware of
it.
And now maybe I can pass it on to Myers about the private sale.
But I think probably the answer will be the same again.
The plan was to kind of get some head started with a small number of community members and
suddenly everyone knew about the project.
So it's hard to manage I guess.
Hi fortune.
And yes, what Chris just said is it's true.
I mean, the smart contracts are already developed.
So we don't talk about years until the product is out.
We are aiming to release the private test net on in Q3 and the public test net in Q3 to
Q4.
So it won't be a very long time regarding your Western question.
There were actually two options.
You could do a Westing and no Westing the Westing option was 25% at launch and then 25% each
month three months, three months Westing period.
Thank you guys.
Good luck to you all.
Thank you for them.
Thank you fortune.
Yep.
Thank you very much.
So linkage finance public sale will be up on third of August.
The list of tokens and projects launching on Cardano is growing rapidly and an index fund
would be a great tool to arrange our portfolios and prepare for the next bull market.
Chris, for a mostly swap governance is going live with delegated voting.
Can you end the space just with a couple of closing points on the matter?
Yeah, 100%.
So we basically put out the delegated voting yesterday.
It works in such a way that you can basically bundle your votes from milk and delegate them
to someone else.
So how it works is that you actually mint an NFT using smart contracts and this kind of
holds very delegated you vote to.
And now by doing this, we can either have community representatives you could delegate
your vote to or you can just delegate it to another wallet which may be balanced to your
power.
And with that out, we ask users to kind of mint these delegation NFTs and then tomorrow
we will do a snapshot vote doing the fun round of governance testing and then hopefully
on Thursday we can kind of launch our first official vote and then we have a lot of proposals
already in the forum.
Token migration, introduction of the musi swap treasury and some others.
So it's going to be exciting times in the next few weeks.
I have something saying closing.
I have something saying wasn't.
I just want to remind the community that once upon a time, right, the narrative around
Cardano and building on Cardano was that it is too hard to build anything on Cardano.
We have projects that raised multiple million dollars.
I'm not going to name any project names, but they raised a lot of money.
And at the end, the data said that discontinuing the production or it's too hard to build and
they're building elsewhere.
Right?
That was the narrative.
Now we have formidable teams that are ready to build and they're delivering code.
We cannot in the same breath that was said, it's too hard to build on Cardano, condemn
people for trying to put out, you know, protocols that actually work, they're ready to deliver
code.
And I do that is like taking emotions out of it.
You have to peak what you really want.
We know Cardano has been developing meticulously and we're coming from the back, right?
We can't sit down here and not have no protocols built on top of Cardano because, you know,
people want to be in their feelings about how the protocols launching or not.
I granted a lot of you have great points with the, with the, with the, you know, suggestions
you brought up and the issues that you saw.
I cannot say that everything was delivered perfectly, nothing is perfect.
I'm sure maybe some mistakes were made, but in the grand scheme of things, at least we
know this is delivered by a team that we know for sure has a track record of delivered,
you know, so that's just what went in the stage.
Just remind everybody that this is all to build up Cardano and get us ready to compete
with the rest of the blockchains all day.
Thank you.
Yep.
Thank you, Alexander.
So yep.
Thanks, Alexander.
You want to finish anything, Marius?
No, no, I just wanted to say thank you to Alexander.
Yeah.
Yeah.
So we're going to have another space to talk about the Moosie swap governance for sure,
probably this week.
And not along from now, we're going to have another space for sure with the linkage about
their upcoming test net.
So yeah, the coming weeks and months are very exciting.
Thank you everybody for coming to this space.
Thank you also for joining.
Sorry to everybody that we kind of cut off with the requests.
But as I said, we tried to keep it under.
We tried, James, for 30 minutes, Marius 53 already.
So I hope everybody can understand.
Yep.
And we'll definitely have more of these.
So definitely more questions to come.
And you can always reach on the telegram for linkage finance as well as moosie swap.
So yep.
Thank you again for coming and have a great day, everybody.
Yeah.
Have a great day.
Bye.
Thanks for having us.
Thanks, guys.
It was great talking to you.
Thank you so much for moderating, crypto bamba.
