Alright, that's thirsty Spark, it's behavioral, God has been the most herbal family in its
entire world.
I searched the accounts, I dropped the previous Twitter space after pinging like 2,000 people about it. So
Yeah, give me a second
Jesus fucking Twitter
Okay, I need to put someone to Coco so that that doesn't happen again one second
I
Second second let's start in a minute. Let me just fix you fix all the links instead
Yo, what up melon, can you hear me? Okay? Hello hello, can you hear me well as well? Yes, you're sounding good wonderful
Wonderful. Yeah, I'm a Twitter idiot. So don't worry about it
Like it have to have enough for it pink everyone
So it just give me a second. I'm editing links everywhere
Okay, okay should be good
Yeah, I'm a previous space was turned already 50 people before I dropped. Oh, well, hopefully find it again
Um, yeah, well, let's just start them. We're with the five minutes late. Um, welcome everyone. Thank you for tuning in
I really wanted to do this as a pure MMA. So we're real quick melon. You're cutting out a little bit
I don't know if it might be better for you to go to a different room
It's just kind of cutting out
Let me switch the input
And it's better like this
Because I'm a headstrong somebody just take them off one second. I think so. I have to see but I think so
Okay, okay
Can you hear me now well better
Oh
That's a film microphone
All right, let's start over. All right. Welcome everyone. Thank you for tuning in
I don't necessarily have like a direct plan for the wait. No, it's actually not better
I don't know. I think it might be the Wi-Fi or maybe maybe it's on my side because I hear him
Yeah, I can find oh you hear him fine. Okay, then maybe it's me this whole time. Sorry. No, it's like cutting out for me
You're full. That's real. It's my fault. I guess all right. Yeah. Yeah, I just want to do really quickly
Um
Yeah, as I said welcome everyone. I wanted to do this as a pure MA format
So I don't want to talk all the time. I want people to just ask questions throw everything in all your concerns
All your doubts all your thoughts. Do I can address everything at once?
Um, yeah, so welcome everyone to the stage
uh, yeah
Unless you have some direct questions from yourself Jason to like, you know, because I know sometimes the crowds are shy
So maybe you have some questions because obviously you have
A lot of people in your chats and you talk about the people so probably maybe you have seen some of them as well
And maybe there's some common questions to answer by the way
Yeah, I mean, I think goalie was raising his hand so he might be able to ask a question real quick
And then I can ask a few questions as well. Did you disappear started?
Wait, who disappeared now is it?
Wait, what?
Can melon hear me
Uh, I can hear you
I don't know we might have lost melon. Yeah, that's like you just rubbed
Well, that only one of us say that word and a guy with a project right now
Okay, do you guess?
Okay, now now we can hear you this has been a great start by the way melon. This is like one of the best starts for me
I don't know who it is. I mean, like I don't know it could be me or it could be you
Because I don't hear anyone right now
Wait
There's only three of us on the stage
Hello drop down and i'll come back up hold up
So melon, can you hear me?
Yeah
I'll second let me just okay
If if I now reconnect with fitter if I close the app and open again
Is it gonna drop the space or we have co-host now it might but it might not as well because I don't I cannot hear anyone
Can you hear you is the question
Yeah, I don't think I don't think you can hear anyone at all
Let me I'm a DM him technical difficulties not bad
Now you can hear me, but I can't hear you
Okay, my well, damn it's fucking twitter
Just said things maybe
All right, well, I'll have to reconnect anyway, so let me close down the app and I hope it doesn't drop the space because we have a co-host
See you guys
So yeah guys this is our awesome
Project here decks hunter a ma it's designed to help fix twitter spaces. All right, so that's like a big demand right now
Um, Jesus. I'm not here. I'll be trying to provide utility. No, okay. Can you hear us now melon dude?
I was so confused. I couldn't hear anyone all right. Let's let's do it then
All right
Uh, golly you have a great time there you go
Yeah, so uh, just I was just curious because you have there's multiple assets that you have you have that jungle pass
You have the melon air and then you have the hunt token correct
So for people to basically get a
full
Access to all of what you
Provide or offer what do they need do they need a jungle pass and a melon air and how much hunt token like what what would be ideal for someone to have
Right, so one of the issues we're trying to solve with the new platform is to get rid of all the tiered access
And all the confusing parts of like the different nfc's we used to have before over two years
um, so
The simple answer is
We want to reward previous holders. So the hunter passes that
People minted initially to get access to a sniping platform
uh, we'll get the
uh, air drop enough allocation to still get access to the previous features that they were used to
as well as the pre-sale discount
and
and cap allocation and now the other nft's for example meloners and veno nft's
They would get the discount but no air drop
and uh
Meloners will have a slightly less cap than hunter and then the veno house will have the
um, like the minimum cap for pre-sale
So it will be discount pre-sale cap pre-sale
And uh, we want to reward all the holders and then switch to fully on uh to focus on the token
And so you have another question the hunter pass will get enough air drop to access the platform premium features
Um, but you will also be able to use platform
Um, like, you know, if you just say yeah, so okay
The focus of platform is going to be free features the alerts the DAX aggregation and nft sniping
So, uh, if you don't care about nft sniping then
um
Okay, let me phrase better
So the public so DAX aggregation will not require you to have any nft's any token access
Right, it's going to be similar to mousti when uh, the more token you hold for example the more feed discount you're going to have
Right, but for example the sniping the advanced alerts are going to require some amount of token to hold
And there's going to be only two uh, tier switches the public free tier and the premium
Uh, tier the disciplinary part called X amount of token, but what we are looking to do is to get rid of all the nft's
uh, and uh
To simplify the offering so only focusing on the dog
Yeah
The uh, we have so many nft's that even confuse myself. So that's that's exactly what we're focusing on to solve
So then having a meloner is not going to be of any use
I mean the amount is is like, um, initially tilting for it is a completely different thing
Right, it's a alpha chat with uh, simple dfi tools we do
And that's more of a research group and the only reason is uh, they're getting this kind of free sale on our locations because I kind of run
Both projects. So I want to reward my supporters
Um, so they weren't uh, they weren't associated with jungle before so the since it's a jungle rebranding
You want to focus more on jungle assets, uh, and giving us sort of more benefits
Yeah
Yeah, and I have a question too. So I know some people are joining this space
They have never heard of deck sonner before
Uh, I know I had read your white paper a little bit for but for those that have never really heard about this project
But kind of know about jungle and some of the other things that you're doing
Uh, what exactly is deck sonner?
Uh, what are you what exactly are you building?
What are people going to be able to do?
Uh, what's sort of the value in this platform that you're trying to create?
All right
um, so
For this we
For those of you who don't know
um, the jungle project was
Totally focused on nft's nft sniping and ft analytics and the portfolio and all that
Uh, but now since
Mate is quite changing and dfi is getting the full swing we decided to
rebrand and add additional features to the platform
Uh and change the name as well
And the core focus actually so the new platform is more going to be focused on the dfi and tokens
uh, hence the name dxt hunter and the primarily feature that we're going to be focusing on is decks aggregation to make the
Smufus UX and the most optimized transaction
decks aggregation where you'll be able to uh
I so it's not going to be a decks at least that's not the plan
Uh, it's going to be full decks that's aggregator
But what was going to separate it from like for example condition like muesli
Which is the only a decks aggregator recurrent to have is that we're going to add
uh real-time market alerts and uh different presets
Uh, and uh, I don't want this close too much info, but just brief brief overview
Uh, but as well, we're going to migrate our nft sniping platform as we had before
So we're going to both have alerts for tokens and ft's
And uh, the plan is if you get a token alert for example
You'll be able to use the decks aggregator
And if you get an nft alert you'll be able to use nft sniping platform
So we kind of cover both spectrums of trading
In order to and now just like
To access that that whole decks under the it's just the hunter token that you're going to need right whatever certain amount for it
Uh, yes, exactly
So we're kind of trying to phase out the nft's because this just was too much tears and too much access
Uh, while uh, so we want to balance out rewarding previous holders
And giving them the features that they initially expected and
Uh, you know, just migrating the features from the previous platform
But simplify the offering have only like one basically one tier is like either three or
Uh, you hold x amount of tokens for premium features
Uh
So yeah, so so
Only only thing is going to be the hunt token and everything we do is going to be tied to one one
Uh, one thing
Now I do have a follow up question with that you were saying that the nft sniper tool
Which is what you guys were, you know known for first
Uh, as long as well as like the jungle platform
That's going to be able to snipe nft's but is that also going to be able to be used to
Send in transactions when alert comes in for like a certain price on a decks
Like can I set it so that indigo token goes to you know, let's say under eight ada
Could that sniper also work for those different um, d5 coins or at least or is that not in the plans for right now?
All right, so uh, what you're basically describing is uh limit orders
Uh, but of course like you can eat they can technically use the defi aggregate the decks aggregator. So, um
I have this on my mind but for the initial version
Uh, I want to like make it as simple as possible
Uh, and just focus on three things to avoid doing the previous mistakes as we did. It's like rushed features
We wanted to get
Everything out quickly without sometimes proper testing and uh, you know
We wanted to do everything possible in the shortest amount of possible time
And then we ended up doing like nothing good apart from this needs typing and if the snapping that we started with so
This time our approach is very different
We're just gonna do it very slow, but we're gonna do it bulletproof as there's gonna be like 100% reliable
And 100% fast and 100% static selection so to say
Uh, but
Yeah, so initial one decks aggregator. We're going to focus on market orders
And what you're describing is like advanced sort of um, like
all the trading bots which technically we had for the nse snapping platform before where we had this like
uh, our own custom wallet which was a
Nami wallet copy but edited in the background and it was able to sort of buy nfts for you based on your alerts
But we're talking it's a bit different. Uh, it would require way more
Um, like we we don't want to necessarily maintain a custom wallet that we used to do for for nft
Um, so there are some tricks that we can do
For example, you have some like put limit order for our platform, but that's again. That's
Um, we want to finish the initial version first and then see
Uh, which direction we want to take after but I have a lot of plans is just like I don't want to get into
Uh, the position again where i'm super excited about everything you can do in the world and then
Uh, I don't focus on core features enough. So this time I want to
Uh, build the core features make the bulletproof and then we go from there
Yeah, I mean I definitely relate to that too is there's so many different things that you can build
That really the focus should just be building that foundation first and then you can add more features after that
Uh, because I can like as someone that was mostly in n n to nfts and now i've been really getting into a lot of the dfi
I do think there's value in having some sort of platform that
Really can track and alert you on these different moves
And I think eventually like as but like from my mind of what would be very valuable
Is eventually automate some of that process so now you can kind of go on tap tools and you can see
The price of these different cryptos and like these different defies
But to actually get alerts on that and uh, those additional functions isn't really there yet
Now the question is with that aggregator. I know you were saying that it can kind of aggregate the price
Um, but that you guys aren't actually like a decks
How how exactly does it work when you actually get an alert?
You see that a token is at a certain price that you set an alert for
How how do you now put an order through?
Do you just use the information to know which decks to go to or like how does that process now work?
So I think majority of people
Are familiar with how muisley works right now
If not is just basically the same view as a decks aggregator
Uh, sorry as a regular decks, but the only difference is um actually muisley is like
Not a very correct example because they are also decks themselves
Uh, so the difference we would have is that we wouldn't be a decks. So we wouldn't have our own LP fools
L people's would only
uh be using the old people's of existing decks and
Checking like what is the most optimized transaction you can create?
uh taking to account all the pending transactions all the
uh to all the factors right that go into that and create the most optimized the most
um
So you get the most tokens for your a dispense
Um in the quickest in short amount of time possible
Uh, but the thing you're you're asking is um
um, I think majority of people focus too much about price alerts and price alerts is not really what we
What I mean by our focus on alerts because
Uh, if you want to focus only on the price movements, then you are just completely final setting like limit orders
Of course limit orders through decks aggregator gives you more token
Uh because the transaction is split between decks is an optimized
Uh, but ultimately still just a limit order. Uh, what I meant by alerts is um, for example, uh
Recently the ripple case, right? So
You uh when the news breakout that ripple one or send me one the case it shoot up with like 20
20 and then another 50 percent
So if for example, you weren't following the news if you're not on twitter, uh, you would miss out all the action
Right you would come into uh open the bindings and the ripple order shoot up 100 percent
But what majority of traders do?
Is uh, they watch for example unusual volume activity
All right, so they could see even before the news because maybe they were inside of trading or something that
ripple
Had stable volume for example for every day for the past i know two months
But in the past hour it did the same volume as no past day
So that would tell them that something is is brewing or something has is happening or there are majors news
So without even knowing the actual news they could tell and they give you a jump on the action
Uh in the ripple case. So those are the those
um
unusual volume activity
um
High sales
Those are the the alerts I mean and uh, if you get them first
You could really capitalize on those short-term market movements because the more tokens and the more projects we have
It will be probably impossible to track all the news for all of them
Uh, of course the trust help with that. But if you got actual market alert
Uh, yeah, you can really capitalize on those short-term movements and uh trade even without knowing the actual news
So those are the things i meant by alerts and then how i imagine is is gonna work in our platform is that you get this unusual volume alert
And if you click on it, it would open the DAX aggregation
Uh with your presets for example, you could set, um, I don't know if this alert triggers for this token
Um trade 5,000 ADA. So if the lower hits
Yeah, on click you'll already preset the amount for you. So all you would have to do is sign the transaction
Right. So that's how i imagined us connecting the alerts and DAX aggregation to get you not only the
Instant feedback for market movements, but also the best prices. Um, and that's why I think this combination is very powerful
Okay, so just to double check what you had said there
You're basically monitoring all of the different tokens on car donno and the dfi
And whenever they're and individuals can basically set up different alerts like okay a volume on us on any coin
It is increased by 100 percent or if the price doubles within x amount of time
Like essentially you can set these different alerts
So it's less about projects that you're already paying attention to and more so catching
You know some sort of movement when some sort of callus event happens like what drip drops announced the different information
So essentially it would have picked that up because you would have had some sort of parameters saying hey at volume
You know triples within x amount of time. Uh give me an alert
It would essentially alert you and then on your site
You can already have it pre populate a certain amount of ada and then the dex aggregator would then figure out which dex
Has the cheapest price for the amount of ada you're trying to do
And then what you would do is you would sign that transaction
On your site and then that order would go to either muesli swap min swap sunday swap whichever dex had the best value
Was that what you were meaning there
Yes, or it's not only the
Lowest price is usually also taking liquidity and you don't have to trade on one bet. You can split
The power of the power of dex aggregators that they can split the transaction in a way that for example
if
Like since they have access to like pending transactions all the orders
You can split for example like 70 percent on min swap and then 30 percent on a sunday swap
To get the best possible price. So you don't have to actually
Trade 100 percent on min swap for example if they have the lowest price because that doesn't necessarily mean that they're gonna
You're gonna get the best
Value for tokens right because the liquidity also matters. So there are a lot of factors to optimize its transaction for but in short you're right. However
Um, if you just set those like sort of fixed
alerts
So it's a two-sided coin right if you allow user too much customization they can set the wrong alerts to miss the events
So we want to avoid that we would have to like we would have some default
So for example, you can add a token for watchlist right and there would be by default
Notifications automatically calculated for unusual activity on our side because the
Do not miss the our unusual activity is not a very it's not a simple calculation
It's like oh, yeah, this token has too much two times more volume today than yesterday, right? There can be a very complicated
Complicated math and you can analyze like what exactly an usual activity
Exervers and the listeners know exactly what I'm talking about. It's not that simple
It's like oh, yeah, it just has two times more one than the necessary that that's unusual
After taking the count like a lot of factors
You can also take into account like who's buying for example if there's a lot of whales buying
Maybe they know more than you know usual shrimp. So there would be definitely a default presets that would alert you
With those advanced calculations, but we of course also want to allow you to customize alerts and set for example
Just basic price specifications like you know talking went out 10% in the last hour or something. So I would say we do both
But but I don't I want to avoid the issue we had last time that we gave user too much customization because
I'm not sure like I'm not sure how many people are familiar with our sniping platform, but before we gave like
um snipe by rarity traits price traits values
uh trait names like all this kind of stuff and it's like super confusing though we'll give the like um
Yeah, we just want to really optimize the UX for for people to not get confused and also get the most
um powerful tools but in a very pretty package. So so yeah, that's that's our core focus
Yeah, actually I think that's pretty valuable
Um, you know right now there's not too many cardano d5 projects out there
But you never know when a drip drop situation happens where it's gone up over 350 percent within a day
Uh just from them sending out one tweet. So I definitely think that's uh
Uh, you know something that could be pretty useful now when it comes to all of this
You were saying that there's pretty much going to be a token that gets you access to this
Can you just go into a little bit more detail about like that token the sale of it kind of
You know the distribution of it like how much are you guys at the team taking for development?
Like what's the inflation like? I know it might like and you don't have to get too complex about it
I just kind of want to understand how this sort of tokenomics and economy is going to work here
Right, so um
About the tukamomics i can briefly say
That we're really trying to make it as fair as possible to
Uh both new people that are joining the progress the problem the project and our old orders
So we want to balance it out
uh, but I think the best way to describe token analysis to just publish the
uh like
extensive article on this so to stay as are you going to do it later
uh, but
Yeah, if you're talking like, uh, if you're asking about the token utility and uh, what features are going to unlock
Then, uh, yeah, I can briefly mention that so
Uh, the first one is uh, the premium
Like site access premium features access for example, no delay alerts or
unlimited unlimited amount of alerts you can set
Uh, just to name a few and then you'd have discounts for token on, uh, on the swabs for the deck segregation
And then you'd have discounts on and if you sniping, um, and then
All right, I I can mention this one too. I guess so
Uh in the light paper we mentioned that we have we will have running the nft auto sniper
And the profits from that would go to token buybacks
So like say, you know, we also sniped and made profit of like 10 000 a day per month
And you're gonna buy back the token, uh, each interval with that
Uh, so those are the kind of the core utility plans for the token
And then there's you know tons of plan later, but those are the things that we want to focus in an initial version and make those bulletproof
Yeah, but so about the economics and the pre-sale
Uh, I would like really rather explain it on the paper because there's like a couple nuances that
Uh, we really want to polish, um, but yeah, we're just trying to um
Make it as fair and balanced as possible between the previous holders that we really love and care and the new
Uh, people who are interested in the project
Sweet and I I think that's most of the questions that I had oh if anyone in the audience
If you guys want to raise your hand feel free to ask some questions while melon is here
Now I I do have one more thing as we wait to see if anyone else has any questions
When it comes to you know, the whole dex aggregation like right now
I've been going on musally swap a lot and it seems like it's been doing a pretty good job
I don't think it's actually splitting up the orders like you were kind of saying that yours would
Do you mind like explaining what is going to differentiate your aggregator compared to musally swaps?
Like why would I use your guys as aggregator and not musally swap basically
Right, so um in general there was um
Sort of the car down the d5 world can run the dex world is still quite small even though we have a lot of projects
I believe there is a ton of competition and uh in this specific example for example
Uh on the perfect scenario is like on epoch day all the decks has go down
Like everything just stops working
Trusachians take like 30 minutes, uh the size crashed sometime
So there is definitely tons of things we can improve and you know, just give another option
So for example, if everything else is down
Uh, you can you kind of uh, you have another option to trade so I think I think there's tons of things that have been approved
and as you mentioned, um
like
The transactions and optimization and cost optimization and dex flipping there's a lot of things you can do
Uh to make not only the transaction build faster not only the UI work faster and process transactions faster
um
So there's tons of things you can do
um
The core focus is on user experience that is going to be as smooth to use a simple to use as straightforward and convenient
Uh, and also we have a lot of notion
Uh, the blockchain part. I don't want to bore everyone
So I'm just saying like we we really focus on optimizing transaction
And the most important is to get you the most value for your swaps
Right in terms of like how much tokens you get
So I think we're so early that we have tons of things to do and kardano and uh, the process can really improve and yeah
We're just gonna be focusing on that
Yeah, and one thing I do want to say I don't know if muesli swap had changed their fees or something
But I was trying to do a transaction a couple of days ago on opt
And there was like a 26 eight off front end fee
And I don't know if that was just uh if it's a percentage or something based on the amount of eight i was doing
Uh, but there's also some room there too and um, you know being able to do stuff when the when the different sites go down
That's also something to to take into consideration
And yeah, I agree like there's there's different improvements that you can make
I think the big thing for you is and your team is being able to differentiate yourself enough to muesli swap
To where there are people that would actually rather use what you guys are using whether that's cheaper fees
Whether that's faster transactions whether that's breaking up the transactions and to multiple decks is if you are doing like a large sale
Whether that's the alerts and just how fast you can actually put transactions in I think that's a lot of
Uh different stuff that you guys can potentially cover because even when opt was going live
Usli swap wasn't even working for the first hour or two hours
And a lot of people were trying to trade on min swap
So I don't know if it would have been possible to
And this is the actual question would it have been possible when muesli swap was down
To actually submit on your guys's site and for that order to show up on muesli swap
Would that have been possible
so a lot of people
Do that
Already right a lot of the voltage have custom scripts that when the front end of size go down
The smart contracts still work in the background. So you guys would be definitely possible
Um, but yeah, as I said, we definitely have I think a lot of all the projects have a lot of
Um, UX and UI moments to improve
Uh, I'll have smooth. They work how
Resilient they are under distress load and how you know fast transactions submit
So we're definitely going to focus on that aspect and make
Uh the best experience for the user so
Uh, but yeah, the fast recursion is definitely possible to submit transactions on all the DEXs without using their UI directly
Um, that's just yeah, that's that's how DEX aggregates their work because they
interface with their smart countries directly
Um, yeah
Awesome, and then uh, I think nayet, I'm sorry if i'm saying that wrong was up first and then clumsy boss feel free to go after him
Yeah, no worries. It's uh, it's niche. But uh, thanks
Um, just like a quick question about, uh, I know you mentioned the tokenomics paper and I don't want to I don't want to push it
But I was wondering if you were able to to tease what the pre-sale allocation would be for uh, a hunter pass holder or if there's any other
Information you can give on that before the paper comes out
Um, right so
As for the all the exact numbers, I would rather specify that in the in the paper
Uh, however, like I can just reiterate that the if you're interested in joining like the most in pre-sale
It would be the hunter pass and then uh, the last would be the millionaire and if t and then the very last would be the vennel cap and if t
So those are the kind of bit tears for pre-sale. We really don't want to complicate complicate
Well, that's why we're gonna only have one pre-sale around one discount for all just cap the location and then one public round
so
The whole pattern focuses the plicity best user experience. That's why we decided to just like, um
Capital location have one discount for all
You know and the simplified the offering is much as possible
So yeah, I would rather prefer to and then you know, maybe do another space
I'm talking on much purely because it's a very important aspect
Uh, but just just to give initial info to avoid all the confusion to you know
Just to describe everything as this I think it's best to just like leave it to the actual article
You know black and white paper so that you know, there's no wiggle room
So
Sweet thanks
Awesome, thanks for that question and then clumsy boss go for it
Hey guys, um, so I just wanted to know if if the token itself will have any
um like direct utility in terms of
Uh spending the token itself with with every time we inter interface with or interact with the smart contract
With dex aggregator. I mean dex hunter
And will we be spending will there be any fees with the token itself?
Will there be any any kind of uh deflationary measure or or things like that?
Right, so
Regarding deflation and measure I think one of them is um
Uh token buybacks. I mean it's not really deflationary, but you know if uh, it's buybacks buybacks of token. So um as I said, there's gonna be three parts
um
You're asking about the token direct spending so um
I didn't really plan to spend the token per se
Uh only plan to be used for discounts on that on the transactions for dex aggregator and of season. I think um
but the direct utility is
The more talking you hold the more you're gonna benefit from the buybacks
Uh and yeah, the more discounts you're gonna get on fees
But the only thing that is actually as as is in an initial version the only thing is going to be usable
Physically is uh if you hold the excellent amount of tokens you're gonna get access to premium features
So those are the four things uh for talking utility that we're gonna like really nail down in the first version
And then of course we you know
uh
I have a lot of ideas for for the hoping and how like different directions we can take
Um, so yeah, it's definitely not the end, but let's just say I just want to get the uh initial plan
food proof uh this move as possible experience
And then we go from there
Right, uh, you said the sale the pre-sale will be capped right?
So and you just mentioned that there's gonna be like a minimum amount of token required to access premium features
So I imagine it will be within the uh way within the cap itself right for wallet
So I said it again
Okay, you said uh the pre-sale will be capped per wallet, right?
Um
capped per
And if like that they're there
Okay cap per nfg you
Yeah, oh, so it means if I have multiple nft's then my cap will be higher
Yes, they stack. Yeah, the nft stock for
Okay, okay, my actual question
Yeah, sorry about that. Uh, my actual question was so if I have an nft whichever of those
And if I buy the cap that is uh allowed for me it'll be
Within the limit for accessing the premium features right? I won't need to get more tokens, right?
Uh, it's a good question. So
again
the exact number so i'll talk with you later, but um
For example, if you're
Yeah, sorry
I don't have an answer for this question right away
So if you're looking to get the token exact number of token for like the premium features is going to come later
Um
But i'm pretty sure it's going to be um like a symbolic token call to get access to premium features because we kind of want to grow with the user base
So most definitely you're going to have enough
Uh, if you're a hundred passholder miller or other to access the premium features just from the pre-sale
Location, um, so yeah, there's going to be just a symbolic amount especially when we just long
All right, good. Thanks
Awesome. Thank you clumsy for that question and then uh, I think sal was next up here and then jona you guys you can go right after sal
Uh, let him go ahead first. I'm still trying to there's a lot of dev talk going on. So i'm still trying to figure out what's going on
Uh, excellent. Uh, thank you
Lock, uh, thank you melon for holding the space and answering these questions
Um, I came in a little late. So i'm not sure if this was um asked already or um if you gave information on it
But I was curious about um, if you'll have like a custom submit node for people who are using
Um, uh, the dex hunter or if they'll have to be uh, going through sort of their wallet node
Um, because I know sometimes there's people who have custom nodes tend to get in line first on a lot of
Hot items and I was just curious if you were going to provide a service like that as well
Right. Yes. So that's a good question. Thank you. I forgot about that. So, um, everything that goes through through the side is going to
Uh, get access to like
the most optimized the best possible nodes that give the best odds to submit faster and uh, you know
Get included in the in the block. So yes, it's going to be routed for our entire
node system. Um,
Yeah, so not for the world but
Um, to submit transaction to the dex you still have to route the transaction from the wallet first
But the transaction i've submitted through the dex would be routed for our notes. However, uh, we will have no service also
Or like within the side, right? So we now offer the kind of like manually through discord
Uh, but you would be able to acquire nodes
Um, the best possible nodes in kind
Uh, also by, you know, maybe the huntholders would get the discount
So we would offer nodes for users and of course our own transactions would be routed through
Uh, like the very optimized node network
Fantastic. Love to hear it. Thank you very much. Awesome. Thank you
Um
Uh, i'll go ahead. Um, so I I know like your your specialty is like, um, like front end like dev like UI stuff
Um
So like would you say like a big advantage of your platform over like something like muslim would be like just ease of use and like
For like the average user
Um, right. Yeah, so we're gonna do tons of round of user testing
Uh, ux is going to be our one of the primary focus
Um, so yes, we're definitely going to be focused on the best
Uh, uix experience
Uh to make it the most simple the most uh smooth the fastest
Uh, and of course the all the boring transaction optimization stuff afterwards
Um, yeah, it's definitely looking forward to seeing some of the uh, the articles, um, because a lot of this stuff seems to be, uh, going over my head over here
In the words, I appreciate it
Yeah, and melon, I know um
I know that you were saying that there was a token allocation for your current projects that are out there
But is there going to be a public sale as well?
And with that public sale is what is the pricing difference or you don't know
Um, right
All all the documents like I have on the repeated like, uh, you know, uh,
Ratrian music player
All the economics details and pre-sales that it was going to be published in our next post, uh, but no
So, oh, it's more about the public aspect though if there's going to be a public allocation
So that was the plan. Uh, we wanted to do the cap pre-sell like the total amount of pre-sell and then the public
So I do expect, um
There to be a public phase, uh, simply due to the fact that for example, you know, quarter of the hunter pass supply
Uh, like two hundred like fifth was
Permed and then uh, 50 passes the team calls. So basically the quarter of the supply
Um, you know
Is out of circulation. So there's there's most definitely going to be a public phase as well, uh, because we don't only want to include our previous
Holders, uh, we also want to get the you know, a bunch of new people exposed to the platform
Uh, but as well like
Why we cap pre-sales that we want to
Uh, reward our previous holders, but also have a public sale for the newcomers and people just finding out about our project
Yeah, awesome. Well, that's all the questions that I personally have
I don't know if anyone in the audience has any questions they want to ask too, but
Yeah, I mean, I think you pretty much covered everything the only things that I'm more curious about are
Are sort of the tokenomics, which I'll take a look at that sheet
Uh, I guess the last thing that's coming to my mind right now is sort of timelines on stuff
How long is it going to take after this token sale for all of this platform to be available and ready to use
That's a good question. So, um
Our original so I think we're going to launch in steps, right?
So due due to us already having the nft sniping platform ready from before
So we only have to alter for example only UI for that and the alerts
Uh, so probably is going to be launched in phases like first we publish the general UI
Uh with the nst sniping and alerts
Uh, and then that's going to be probably
We end of q3, uh, or start of q4, uh, but then for that segregation we really want to prioritize that and do
Major user testing make sure everything is solid bulletproof
Um, so I was looking at late q4
Um, but then you know those those timeless are just
My estimates right now and they're subjects to change and obviously we're going to communicate if in case we want to delay but
Um, those are kind of the the days that I wanted to stick stick with for for now
But the if you just recursion from the token lounge, uh and pre-sale till the platform launch, I would say
uh, a couple months, um and the
Yeah, so about a couple months from that
Uh, but probably the beta is going to be available earlier for early testers and people who want to help us
Uh, you know improve the platform from early stages
But the main release is going to be a couple months away from pre-sale
Sweet and aussie did you have a question too?
Hey guys, how are you?
I got a question. I was not here from the beginning. I don't know if you already answered
Uh, my question is about the
Interpasses because I have an apex
So can I assume I will have like four times yellowcation a normal entered pass
Yes has in a arc will have like
16 times
The amount of allocation is all that works is more fad o for me to have an apex or a
a normal a normal entered pass
Right, so that's a good question. So, um
Historically we have some we had some periods of
Of past burns and what that meant before for the previous platform is that you were able to
Uh because the asset the axis was tier you were able to burn base passes
Uh to get it like next year and then to burn those this tier to get next year
There are three tiers in total and basically this question means whether if you did participate in a burn
Uh and you burned for example 400 passes till the next tier
Will you get the allocations like for one pass or for four and uh, what we decided is to give
Allocation for four passes if you burned it so basically, you know, if you burned 400 passes you're gonna get the locations for
400 passes and so on so yes the burns will carry value
Uh, so if you're holding the apex pass you're gonna get four times the the regular location you would get with the base pass
So yeah, sweet. That's what I want to ask sweet best of luck
I appreciate this
All right, uh, yep, if anyone else has the questions
I appreciate the blog for handling this place for me because I'm uh focused on on the
You and the correct answer so uh, if anyone else has questions for free to free free to raise the hand and jump on stage
Needs I pronounce it wrong. I know
I'm honestly wrong again. It's all good. It's all it just show up for nichas. So nichas is what I go by
Um, yeah, so I know you it kind of sounds like the
You're kind of retransitioning
I guess the complications with the not the complications but the
uh, the nft premium pass towards a token and you're using that token to
To have users have access to these premium features
Um, so given that and if if I if i'm mistaken with my analysis, you know, you just let me know
Uh, but given that after this sale, will there be any value to the the nft's that the hunter passes
All right, so
We're we're currently debating about this right so there were some um ideas for example to have staking to keep the nft's
Uh, but due to us wanting to keep the things very simple and to not sort of confuse the new people coming that like, oh
Why do you have why why can you take this this this and that and uh, like what are those nft's?
Um, we decided that we're going to just
Uh, give the same carry over basically the features that uh, people bought the passes for right? So that would be the initial airtop
Location is specifically to maintain your access. Uh, but then
They passes and nft's are going to be discontinued in favor of the token
Um, so
You know, we still give you the same value in in token wise
So you basically like, uh, replace your nft's with the token and then carry on focusing on utility in uh, for one single
Uh entry piece of the ecosystem. So like if i'm understanding correctly so like the pass holders
Will we'll get like the sniping that they they always had plus they'll have
You know, we'll get enough tokens to get like full access to the new platform. So essentially
They're they're uh, making out like bandits, right?
Yeah, so basically they're getting what they paid for and some
To answer so yeah, they're carrying all the
Previous utility they had and basically we're just replacing nft. We have a token
Um, and and carrying to build utility for the tokens that but you know, they're interchangeable is basically the same thing in terms of utility
Right, uh, if I can quickly jump in, um
Is there any timeline for us to expect any more details regarding the tokenomics and all of those things?
Um, yes, I think we're making great progress. So
Uh, I would say by end of week is realistic or early next week
Uh, there are only a few details to polish for us and then uh, we can release it. Um, yeah, that's approximate
Uh timeline for tokenomics and pre-self
Information
Awesome
Awesome did anyone else have any questions before we start to wrap things
You said you have your uh, your white paper out
So if you guys want more information and if you were a little bit later to the space and miss some of it
Definitely check out their white paper as well. That should have all the info and all the tokenomics information if you were asking or wondering about that too
Yes, and in case the space is recorded so you can always listen for the recording if you join late
Uh, but I think I've pinned the tweet with uh, the light paper, uh, or if not then you can find it on my uh, on my profile
my timeline
So
Well, um
This case I think I think that's about all the questions that people could ask for the limited information they have
So stay tuned for more info about economics and the pre-self
Uh, we're gonna be publishing step-by-step
Um later and yeah, well, I appreciate the blog for costing it appreciate uh, a re-speaker
Um, yeah, and see you later then. Thank you for tuning in guys
All right talk later then
Uh, oh yeah, by the way, everybody can join our discord
That's the best place to ask questions if you have some in a tax format and also follow the announcements
Uh, we post usually stuff first there
Um, so yeah, totally then
Okay, good bye
